raiga see i it occurred to me just
moments ago that my first I'm calling
that the elbow great and your who better
to do the album within than L we're
trying especially here at the show
because we a lot of people come in and
we got a lot of people shaking hands to
switch to this instead cuz of corral
yeah so if you would you know spread it
around what I want to get you could be
the ambassador for the young people well
this is the virus we want to spread no
bump let's do one more time just to show
people there you go you know I apologize
if this is a weird thing to say but you
seem happier than most people I think
they call it a sunny disposition is
right you have thank you that's good
that's a good way to go through life yes
I also I'm like well when I get excited
I just excited that's good I mentioned
in your introduction that you were 12
the first time you were here now you're
21 years old and almost 22 years old
right in April
Alex 21 bin house how is it gone for you
what have you been what of the
privileges of being a full-fledged
American adult have you been enjoying
drinking drinking did you wait did you
wait to start drinking until you turn 21
and now you're drinking in earnest yes
what is your drink like what do you go
order if you go to a bar some time to
figure out my drink is I feel like I
have this kind of restaurant bar anxiety
especially throughout with friends or
whoever and you're like even the
bartender I'm like I get anxiety of like
what I want if he's judging me like
that's not right or that's not classy or
that's I don't know you need to have a
game of the day to drink that you know I
don't know and when you look at all the
drinks on the menu they've given them
all sorts of funny clever names and you
don't know what anything is exactly you
need to have one if you get know if your
nozzle what is yours mine I have decided
is a vodka martini extra dirty very good
[Applause]
it's not anything how much like when you
say extra dirty did is it more olives
and vodka um well let's see it depends
so I I went I I said that to the
bartender and they gave me a tip because
they knew I was 21 they're like the
bartender gave you a tip that's right he
let me know that if you want to order
this you like it dirty you should put it
on the side the dirt on the side so all
the olive juice on the side so you can
add it at O so you walk away with a
little yeah I see all right well that's
your drink yes that's it very nice all
right well that's you got that out of
Ben what did you do for your 21st
birthday I it was a it was a big one my
my friends and my sister threw me this
karaoke birthday I'm like in Koreatown
super funny I said I was like I always
wanted to did you karaoke for my 21st
uh-huh what songs did you do I did um
summer lovin Oh from Greece yeah from
Greece would you do that with oh you
know okay
was your danny zuko
- for me is welcome back kotter but yes
and my sister and I did before he cheats
oh yes very Underwood song oh really
that's her karaoke song so she you know
we did that together why is that her
karaoke that's gonna make all the guys
nervous when yeah that's her go-to
strong summer lovin is definitely more
more tamed yes for you yeah maybe not so
much when I'm slurring and falling over
no did you get very drunk on dirty
martinis or whatever at your birthday
Sally's like champagne and tequila shots
oh no yeah mixture so yeah I threw up oh
you did oh you're rating it must be a
disaster that's the ultimate crime Oh No
so you didn't even make it out the
window
huh you know the story is a bit hazy for
sure I've been told the driver was
really nice
oh he was he wasn't he have like a stash
of like throw up baggies in his car so
he obviously did this a lot did you get
the bag I got the bat bring it back but
it was it was a lot you know so I was in
the back and then no I was like maybe I
was just out the window and we kept
telling him like I ate bad fish yeah he
totally knows I have like glitter like
24 like I'm probably swearing like a
21st birthday like
yeah I kind of tried you out the window
you super nice oh yeah oh that's great I
hope you got a good tip yeah your tip to
him was get the olive juice on the side
[Applause]
yes
are you guys living together or well
right now she just um she lived in New
York for seven years and now she's
moving back home deli so there's kind of
an in-between she's got a house so she's
a bit like in our house right now but I
see you're still your mom I'm so with my
mom yes
but yeah I haven't lived my sister fur
for a bit now yes it's you know she's
really good but we're about to do a film
together starting in like in a month
have you never done a movie together
never oh wow never and I played her at a
younger age like okay gosh packs and
stuff but this were actually playing
sisters in a movie Oh perfect yeah I
think we're it's like it's something
that we've always wanted to do it's like
extremely very special to us so we we
really care a lot but we are you know
we're good we're gonna be living
together during that we got good you
know a 3-bedroom apartment uh-huh but
we're both like one to throw up in you
is your first movie together but you
have worked together before and in fact
this is a video that I believe you
posted online that I wanted to examine
that combines everything
young fans of the black-eyed beans there
that's cute like Fergie was like
everything yeah right of course maybe
she could live in the third bedroom yeah
all right we're gonna take a break we
see come back we will see a clip from
elf annex new movie it's called all the
bright faces places sorry you know you
don't have to be so pushy you say a
and I hear um assertive old
inspiring relentless irritating arrogant
sex
[Music]
that is Elle Fanning all the right
places not faces places that's such a
bad thing yeah you're in that movie all
the brave faces this is one of those
those those based on one of those books
that like every young woman has read and
no one over 30 those about right yes I
read first read the book yeah it's a
book by Jennifer Niven and when I was 14
oh um that was the first time I read the
book and and wasn't your idea then to
making it to a movie it was a bit of a
process I think Jennifer kind of wrote
the book with pot of the possibility of
a film opening so I got to meet with her
when I was young and I've been on the
project for a while of trying to really
develop it you do start the first movie
I produced and yeah is that fun you you
skipped you decided not to go to college
right yes I think you probably forget I
tell you not to go to college
everything's figured out already and
look at you now you're producing so what
does that mean when you are the producer
do you are you involved in like
everything picking the people who are
gonna co-star in this movie with you at
cetera you know a bit I mean there's
other producers that are on board so I
got to really learn from them a lot
because obviously this was my first time
but I think a big reason that the movie
wasn't made sooner was because we
couldn't find Finch who's the who's or
the boy in the film and who is that
justice Smith he's incredible what a
name that is yeah justice Smith says he
sounds like you should be rounding up a
posse justice Smith is in town I got to
meet with him and we kind of read a few
scenes together and it was automatically
like boom this is fan chants so we have
a love scene this is is this your first
love scene in in this you could say
that's kind of crazy to be you know
you're gonna have your first like love
scene yeah and you
or the one picking the person you're
gonna love right yes if you're a guy it
would sound creepy you know
hey justice you're the one you shot this
in Cleveland yes how did you like it in
Cleveland I really enjoyed it I mean we
really found this it was a big we were
very close like a big family cast and
crew so we found some good activities to
do our hotel was right next to a mall
great I would go to the food court like
every day and get Philly cheesesteak
really so good like so good yeah we went
to go to the mall huh Wow right outside
the hotel like they were connected yeah
no I think I got it yeah yeah you as
producer were you in charge of finding
the hotel no we were all staying in that
hotel so that makes it more fun yeah
yeah we would go we would do some
karaoke there
oh yeah well bored what yeah shuffle in
the hotel no no it was like a place like
we went out there's a designated
shuffleboard yeah Park or something yeah
it's just like a bar slash shuffleboard
place I see yeah okay all right yeah and
we yeah I don't know what I was
imagining
shuffleboard country club or something
like that well it sounds like you're
having fun
yeah yeah well it's pretty good to see
you yeah we learned a lot that your
bizarre we learned even more you haven't
caught up give my best to your sister to
go to hell and the movie is called all
the bright places it is on Netflix now
Elle Fanning everybody will be I am
Jimmy Kimmel and I am not allowed to eat
this cookie until you click the
subscribe button so please click now